It's over. It's over.
I'm late.
I'm sorry, I'm in a hurry, don't worry.
Professor Ke
I have something important to do, so I'll go first
I'll invite you to dinner another day and apologize.
Are you all right?
Ah it's alright
You have already graduated, why are you still rash?
Professor Ke is still so gentle
Ah professor
I'm going to be late, so I'll go in first.
See you next time.
Hello, this is my resume.
Your resume doesn't meet our requirements.
But I really need this job
Please take another look.
I said it doesn't meet the requirements
Can't you understand human language?
Who says it doesn't fit?
Ouch professor
I happen to be missing an assistant
It's him, professor
What's the problem?
No problem no problem no problem
Ji Zhi, come with me, okay?
Don't professors want assistants?
Why do you suddenly need an assistant?
Professor, what are you doing here?
I am the headquarters of this financial club
It turns out that professor, you also took a private job
I thought what did you think
Finance is my job
Teaching is just a sideline.
I see